hey kitty cats so today I'm going to be
reviewing the 25 piece professional
makeup brush roll set from frauen 38
calm now this particular brush roll I
have to say what it is when I first
received it I kind of was a little bit
skeptical about the performance and the
quality of the brushes um but I have to
admit I was proven big time wrong
there's lovely brushes they're extremely
soft and they look like they were made
very very well the brushes all are red
will these particular ones that i
purchased were ones that were read what
it handled and they have a really nice
metal um um shaft on them and they
really very very little fallout from the
bristles even after washing them it was
not that much of the hair coming off the
bristles are mostly very very soft I
mean they are pretty soft I have to
admit that the first time the first
couple of times that I've used them I
was a little bit if if he just because
of the fact that it didn't pick up the
product as much as I wished it would but
considering there for me and they're
mine I'm happy to say that after a few
uses I guess you're the bris will start
becoming a little bit more I guess a
little bit more wear and tear on the
bristles and they tend to pick up more
product now this collection makes a
great alternative to Maxim brushes it
really really does i have a few mac
brushes and i find myself using this
brush roll more often because there's a
big variety of different brushes here i
have angled brushes precision brush in
through in a sponge applicator
puh-leeze overall face brushes concealer
brushes a large fan brush a small fan
brush a lipstick applicator so why don't
we show you guys what they look like so
here they are they come in this
ginormous brush roll set and this lovely
silver roll when I first got it I was
actually quite taken back by how big
this thing was um definitely in the
pictures there a lot it looks seems a
lot smaller than what they really are so
here are some of the brushes sorry about
the dirtiness I use these often as you
can see and let me take one out for you
guys so you guys can see the brushes see
that's the red wooden handle and it
comes with their name on the brushes
let's go and see that it's a bit shiny
so anyway here are most of the brushes
even comes with an eyeliner brush as you
can see that one an angled brush um a
small well it's kind of large large dome
precision brush there's loads of
lipstick applicators overall I I shadow
brushes flat you know flat bristled
we've got some distance a nice angled
brush as you can see nice concealer
brush overall oh it even comes with an
angled brush which is this one here and
the other facial brushes as you can see
these are uber small / soft I mean
they're really look at that it's just
like whoo prettiness very very soft this
one surprised the crap out of me look
how big that thing is it's like the mack
daddy of freaking brushes see that and
I'll tell you what the bristles they
definitely didn't skimp on the bristles
they're very very nicely packed
and like I said minimal minimal care
losses now I'm not too sure as whether
they are actual hair or synthetic I'm
gonna say that their synthetic just
because of the texture it's too soft and
that's pretty much it I mean overall i
paid 16-pound summon odd i think it was
16 something and you get 25 brushes and
i kid you not these are beautiful
brushes they're really nice cons I do
have my um my little thing about them
I'm Emma to be quite honest with you as
professional brushes great as everyday
brushes for your personal use they tend
to be a bit too long as you can see so
if you're working by looking in the
mirror or whatnot you'll be poking that
mirror like crazy and you'll be like
just bumping into it because I don't
know about you but I put my mirror very
close to my face so this these brushes
tend to be a bit too long for my liking
if they were a bit shorter I'd love them
comes with the overlap so they don't get
you know anything dirty nice separate
overlap and it comes even with an extra
pocket so I'm assuming that maybe if
like you had other brushes you can stick
some in there and check this little baby
out this is the the lip lip brush see if
I could pull it out of there yeah it's
soup so cute comes out like that look at
it has like its own little compartment
super super cute I've used it that's why
it's like shiny on the tips but overall
great Buy I would I definitely like
their products and I definitely would
buy them again so what I buy it again
absolutely was it worth every penny
absolutely
Lee um so yeah i'll put up the side link
i'll put a link on the side blad never
there and i hope you guys enjoyed this
little product review and i'll be doing
a lot more to come alright bye girls